Auto-detection of accelerator_type for aws_accelerators trn1_inf (#37998)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/tasks/using-ray-with-gpus.rst

    :start-after: __accelerator_type_start__
    :end-before: __accelerator_type_end__

See ``ray.util.accelerators`` for available accelerator types. Current automatically detected accelerator types include Nvidia GPUs, AWS-neuron-cores.

AWS Neuron Core Accelerator

> ---------------------------

Reviewer: We need add a bit introduction to the code snippet. something like following:

> Similar to Nvidia GPUs, Ray will auto detect AWS Neuron Core Accelerators and allow user to schedule against it...

.. note::

  Ray supports a heterogeneous cluster of GPUs and NeuronCores but doesn't allow specifying resources requirements of

>   ```num_gpus`` and ``num_neuron_cores`` for task or actor.

Reviewer: for clarification, does it mean we can't specifying resource requirements of GPU and neuron_cores together?

Author: That's right, because a machine cannot have CUDA/GPU and NeuronCores together to execute a task/actor and we fail on validation.

    :start-after: __accelerator_type_start__
    :end-before: __accelerator_type_end__

> See ``ray.util.accelerators`` for available accelerator types. Current automatically detected accelerator types include Nvidia GPUs, AWS-neuron-cores.

Reviewer 2: Would recommend making this a list so its easier to extend, and update the formatting? Something like:

```suggestion
See ``ray.util.accelerators`` for available accelerator types. Current automatically detected accelerator types include:

 - Nvidia GPUs
 - AWS Neuron Cores
```

Feel free to ignore the latter suggestion if there was some intention for the hyphens that I'm not aware of.

AWS Neuron Core Accelerator (Experimental)
------------------------------------------

> Similar to NVIDIA GPUs, Ray auto-detects `AWS Neuron Cores`_  by default.
> An user can specify `resources={"num_neuron_cores": some_number}` on
> task or actor resource requirements to assign the NeuronCore/s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to Nvidia GPUs, Ray auto-detects `AWS Neuron Cores`_  by default.
The user can specify `resources={"num_neuron_cores": some_number}` on
task or actor resource requirements to assign the Neuron Core(s).
```

.. _`AWS Neuron Cores` : https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/general/arch/model-architecture-fit.html

.. note::

>   Ray supports a heterogeneous cluster of GPUs and NeuronCores but doesn't allow specifying resources requirements of

Reviewer 2: nit: Should it be `NeuronCore` or `Neuron Core`?
```suggestion
  Ray supports a heterogeneous cluster of GPUs and Neuron Cores but doesn't allow specifying resources requirements of
```
